ah Dracula is very different to the
Dracula's that we've seen before in
other forms of literature or in movies
and things like that he's not our kind
of quintessential evil guy he's a thale
about someone that doing good and up
being evil he's not it's not black and
white is very much shades of grey we
showed the journey of Gabriel in the
first game from light to darkness and in
this game we go from dark to very very
dark and it's a much more cruel at our
much darker tail and I think that you
know following a character that you can
identify was really important so we
wanted to have a guy that people really
saw re felt for him they understood how
he got to that place and so I think in
many ways a Drake isn't is more human
than previous incarnations of Dracula
Dracula's motivations are to end he's
immortal life that's the main thing
that's driving him in the game you know
he's been alive for a long time he's
tired of living he wants to you know to
end to end this and to move on bond
misunderstand me is an evil guy he
embraced evil for real and you're going
to see that in the game I think Dracula
is quite a scheming character and a very
intelligent predatory animal if you like
and he's looking to settle some scores
we specifically designed Dracula as a
character that people could identify
with our early designs of Dracula much
more kind of a very powerful character
but we wanted to give a tough throw back
to what happy looks in the original game
so when making a game you need to be
careful about designing characters
especially main character specially
Dracula you have to think that is the
first time in Castlevania history that
you play with Dracula also with with
Jack you know having new weapons and new
abilities we wanted to give him a much
kind of more athletic way of moving his
animations to change quite a lot we
wanted to make him look cool his hair is
longer you know he's got it more refined
if you like more sophisticated
Castlevania Dracula's been always a bad
guy that appears for a few moment and
goes woo and that's it we wanted to
build a real character with emotions
with contradictions from day one so yeah
pretty much Gabriel was our traveler
from day one did they tell you that
blood would fight against blood for all
eternity we'd already done a lot of the
work already with the motion capture
actor so there was kind of like a guide
if you like to go to and I think the Rob
what brothers brought to the to the raw
was he's made a Dracula really dangerous
and you can sense the evil we can sense
the kind of predatory nature of the
character that wasn't there before and I
think it really comes across and that's
something he was very certain that he
wanted to do on the voice out section
because we kind of wanted him to imitate
what the other actor had done and he was
like no no no Gabriel wouldn't do that
he wouldn't be like that he would be
much more like this and soon as we heard
his performance you know we realized
that actually he was right that this was
the way to do it I am no longer Gabriel
I am the dry
I am the prince oh I think my favorite
Dracula in cinema is probably Gary
Oldman's portrayal of Dracula in the
plan support Coppola film it changes
quite a lot between you know a real
person with emotions you know he loves
you know we're going to ride his
character and the love between them is
quite you know very powerful but also
you know he's kinda nasty is this
monster and we see that really clear i
really think his portrayal was probably
the best dragon I've ever seen I also
loved the previous one especially not
for Apple the all very very old movie
with all that was about a bit naive for
today's standards but this is a terrific
you know but my favorite vampire movie
is near dark which i think is one of the
best vampire movies ocso really show
vampires in a kind of greasy horrible
very uneasy uneasy way which I don't
think I've not seen since either and you
know I think there's an element of that
in this as well and I'll share to you
know we we do things with a Dracula that
I don't think I've been done
so I hope that's giving you a deeper
insight into our Dracula from
castlevania lords of shadow 2 there's
anything else you'd like to know please
send in your questions the twitter
account address displayed on the screen
and i will answer them on behalf of dave
in the response video coming up soon
you